the season is over for 17-year old high
school junior Kobe parathas Cathedral
High School lost to Damian high school
62 to 68 in the California
Interscholastic Federation Division
three regional title game a win would
have advanced cathedral to the state
finals in Berkeley this week for us put
on another three-point shooting display
scoring 23 points including four from
downtown his performance earned him a
pursuing victory with honor medal after
the game we just failed to do our place
as you can see today led the game the
whole time the coach gave us everything
we needed to have to be able to go up
against his team so I'm just pretty sad
that we killed him the loft wraps up
Kobe's first year of us high school
basketball for a still empty made senior
Jamil McGill it had been an amazing
journey for their school which had never
advanced as far I was a good experience
because last year we weren't as good as
we are this year last year we didn't
have this many people coming to our
games just supporting us so it was great
knowing that more people that were
coming to our games than last year so
another Filipino prodigy suffered defeat
it wasn't an ideal way for SMU bound
fill a magic bear field to end his high
school career at the Division one
regional title game in Long Beach bear
field absent any old high school loss to
Chino Hills High School 62 250 one as
Kobe's future UCLA teammates Lonzo ball
scored 26 points fairfield Hannon off
shooting night scoring 8 points and
giving out three assists after a fast
start Bicentennial Chino Hills led and
pulled away as Centennial tried to fight
back
bare feel fouled out early in the fourth
quarter
while Barefield now moves forward with
his college scholarship Paris a junior
will have one more year of development
before he goes to UCLA it's a great
experience given a chance for me to play
here on I mean pure Filipino - from the
Philippines - this came here it's a
different experience so I've learned a
lot and I just keep learning from
everything from every situation again
for us we'll have a quick break from the
court as he wraps up the academic year
he'll be back by summertime Steve
Angeles abs-cbn News Ontario California